There are many conventions on the Zernike expansions, which differ in the 
ordering of modes.

The Zernike ordering scheme used in the telescope optics domain (e.g. ZEMAX 
standard Zernike coefficients), based on @b Noll's @b concept, is shown below 
for the first 21 terms. Here, the ordering number j is determined by ordering 
polynomial with lower radial order first, and for given radial order with odd 
number for sine function and even number for the cosine.

@image html zernike_noll.png

@b Noll's @b scheme also has a vertical expansion symmetry similar to Wyant's, 
but since it directly uses radial order n, it unfolds somewhat differently. So 
for n=6, the term for m=0 is secondary spherical aberration (j=22), for m=2 it 
is tertiary astigmatism (j=23 and 24 for the sine and cosine function, 
respectively), for m=4 it is secondary quadrafoil (j=25 and 26) and for m=6 the 
hexafoil (j=27 and 28).

Zernike scheme commonly used in ophthalmology - the @b ANSI @b standard @b 
Zernike @b expansion - is different from those used in assessing telescope 
aberrations. The ANSI standard single-index scheme (Zernike pyramid) routinely 
used in ophthalmology for evaluating eye aberrations. It is graphically 
presented as a pyramid resulting from Zernike term expansion as a function of 
radial order n and angular frequency m, with the latter being numerically 
positive for cosine function of \f$\theta\f$, and negative for the sine 
function 

@image html zernike_pyramide.png

Zernike terms expansion pyramid is a function of term's radial degree (or order) 
n and azimuthal frequency m. It is the basis for classifying aberrations as 
lower \f$(n\leq 2)\f$ and higher-order \f$(n>2)\f$ in ophthalmology. Shown are 
the top 20 terms.
